Need to fix Burner Auger entity sprite animation sprite being off center

super assembler:
use standard assembling machine 2 details and stats but with higher; speed, power consumption, pollution module slots and ingredient slots.

super smelter:
use electric furnace data but faster slightly more expencive more polluting.., more of everything.

burner auger: essentially what the burner mining drill is. 
original idea was for it to collect and keep the items it mined in an internal inventory rather than outputting 
and to keep at least 10 pieces of coal in the fuel slot
so essentiall having a net gain after the 10th piece was collected.

 --[[testing results find that 1 piece of raw wood in a burner-mining-drill produces 3 coal]]--
 --[[the auger will produce 44 that combining the mining power, mining speed and fuel efficiency]]--

Compressed coal: by pressing together some of coal you can get a piece with the equivilent fuel value of 10 coal (80MJ)

coal block: by compressing even further with the total value of 400 coal we get fuel with a value of 320MJ thats higher than rocket fuel.

Ball bearing: added because i wanted an item similar to gears to put into machines to help them run faster.



Yet to be implimented./?

entities:

air filter (will use filters which have durability )

advanced-chemical-plant (a lean, mean, chemical crafting machine,)

compressor: thought about adding a compressor to compact items into condenced forms such as coal into compressed/block/diamond.

Pollution attractor: would draw pollution from nearby grids to the grid the attractor is located and away from alien nests
(to be used in conjuction with pollution filters to keep the air around your base clean)

Fluid: while using the idea of ball bearings i though about using a chemical plant to melt down the iron into molten iron
which then would be cast into shape in an assembling machine or something. (makes sense right?)

Items:
pollution filter (for use in the air filter gui, will use its durability bar and will need replacing once run out)

Mods Compatibility: use other mod items such as bobs mods to change recipies to include their items as well.
such as compressing 20 coal blocks = (8000 coal) into a diamond from bobs resorces-gems

Technology:
Air filtration: allows crafting of the air filter and pollution filters to clean the air.
